SL x snowflake guide (#5242)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_sl-run-prod-job.md

> Once you’ve defined metrics in your dbt project, you can perform a job run in your deployment environment in dbt Cloud to materialize your metrics. The deployment environment is only supported for the dbt Semantic Layer currently. 

Author: ```suggestion
Once you’ve committed and merged your metric changes in your dbt project, you can perform a job run in your deployment environment in dbt Cloud to materialize your metrics. The deployment environment is only supported for the dbt Semantic Layer currently. 
```
